good day horizon number 2
smartphone fly iq450 quattro punished
wisely
last year's update seems like my
nickname model horizon number one apparatus with
large 5-inch screen
not very large resolution of 480 by 854
previous horizon I had it
tested the review we have on the site and
despite the modest and present times
I really liked the resolution of the device
that is, I came to the conclusion that even so
large crane
screen with a resolution of 480 by 854 she
quite suppose that changed by
compared to last year's model
standard equipment therefore and
Commented Well, that's changed
amount of RAM was
half a gigabyte became a full gigabyte
changed if there was
dual core mediatek 6577
and now in this model
more modern too mediatek 6580 9 s
four i will take the battery stayed
like the old 2000 milliamper hours
camera
resolution preserved at 8
gothic but seemingly different
see given crucische obviously no one
opened to me completely but with all
lotions so any
Well, looks if someone saw the previous one
horizon on i you same connectors
Buttons most ordinary camera as usual
slightly sticking out let's open
put sims in place
machine as you usually do not happen of life
2 seven times the size of 7 to ordinary that is
large 1 2
like a thread everywhere that is necessary here
because its
flash memory device is not very much
only 4 gigabytes yes I forgot to say that
still changed changed version android
if there was a fourth then 4.2
that is, a very fresh one that always
nice, come on
there will be a power button
and
I don't know yet if I will write
full review of this device
I asked him to line up everything
conduct large detailed tests
battery
Well, at the same time measure the characteristics or
taps all that stuff
when you won't tell anyone my
password
recommended price for this unit
is 10,000 rubles well, more precisely
navigation 9990 at what price it
will be sold to reality find out a little
later I didn’t notice a sale
although it may already have
traditional cute hilt screen
let's see the version android 4.2.1
as promised wonderful start
testing come to our website
helpix.ru all the information there will certainly
will appear
spinning over
private war
touran
Thank you all for your attention, I went to teach
apparatus bye